In 'Arsenic and Old Lace' Mortimer Brewster marries who on Halloween?
Elaine Harper
How old was Michael Myers when he killed his sister in the original 'Halloween'?
6
According to superstition, on Halloween night what would swoop down and feast on the souls of the dying?
Owls
How much is estimated to be spent on Halloween by Americans each year?
$6 million
Barnbrack fruit cake is a traditional part of Halloween celebrations in which country?
Ireland
Commonly associated with Halloween, who wrote the classical organ piece 'Tocatta and Fugue in D Minor?'
Joann Sebastian Back
In Austria, it is traditional to leave bread, water and what out on Halloween night?
A lighted lamp
How old is the adult Michael Myers in the first installment of the series?
21
Which of these movies is set in the fictional town of Oakmoor Crossing, just before and during Halloween?
Jack-O
Day of the Dead, is a holiday celebrated near Halloween in which country?
Mexico
What is the common name for the mushroom species Clitocybe illudens?
Jack-O-Lantern
In America, trick or treating has been a customary Halloween tradition since which decade?
1950s
What was the name of Michael Myers' youngest sister who he tried to kill in the 'Halloween' movies?
Annie
The movie 'Night of the Demons' tells the story of a Halloween party held where?
A mortuary
Which birthday is Rynn Jacobs celebrating on Halloween at the start of 'The Little Girl Who Lives Down the Lane'?
13th
Name the town that is the setting for the film 'A Nightmare Before Christmas'?
Halloween Town
Carrie' is a popular horror film, but it was a horror novel first. Who wrote it?
Stephen King
Ginger Snaps' is a 2000 Canadian horror film about what kind of creatures?
Werewolves
What is the name of the serial killer in the Halloween film series?
Michael Myers
Halloween is the eve of the feast of All Hallows' Day in which religion?
Christian
It's believed that what have supernatural powers, and that they fly on broomsticks?
Witches
According to superstition, what does it mean if you see a spider on Halloween?
A dead relative is watching over you
What's the name of the British film studio famous for making horror movies in the '50s?
Hammer
Jack Nicholson wore a jacket made by which designer for his role in 'The Shining'?
Margaret Howell
If you saw a mummy chasing you on Halloween, which country would it have come from?
Egypt
On October 21, 2006 how many jack-o'-lanterns were simultaneously lit in Boston?
30128
At the movies, which character will give you 'A Nightmare on Elm Street'?
Freddie Kruger
According to CNBC, what is the all-time most popular traditional Halloween costume for adults?
Witch
In Ireland and Scotland, which vegetable is traditionally carved at Halloween?
Turnip
What 'phobia' do you suffer from if you have an intense fear of Halloween?
Samhainophobia
What is the popular food used to carve jack-o-lanterns during Halloween?
Pumpkins
Jack Skellington lives in which town in 'The Nightmare Before Christmas'?
Halloween Town
Every Halloween, Charlie Brown helps his friend Linus wait for what character to appear?
The Great Pumpkin
In 'Halloween II', when Michael enters the elderly couple's home what movie is on TV?
Night of the Living Dead
It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown' is based on which comic strip?
Peanuts
In the Halloween horror film series, which actress plays Laurie Strode?
Jamie Lee Curtis
How old is Mike Myers when he kills his first victim in the remake of 'Halloween'?
10
Who had one of their first big screen performances in 'Nightmare on Elm Street'?
Emilio Estevez
When Good Ghouls Go Bad' is set in which state during the Halloween season?
Minnesota
Shakespeare mentions the practice of trick-or-treating in which play?
The Two Gentlemen of Verona
Which state with several hundred ghost towns was admitted to the Union on Halloween in 1864?
Nevada
What does Charlie Brown get in his trick-or-treat bag in 'It's the Great Pumpkin', Charlie Brown?
Rocks
The movie 'The Halloween That Almost Wasn't' is about which character?
Dracula
Who played Morticia Addams in 'Halloween with the New Addams Family'?
Carolyn Jones
In the 'Great Pumpkin Charlie Brown', who writes a letter to the pumpkin?
Linus