In Germany, it is traditional to put away which kitchen instrument?
Knives
In which 1970s film is there a child named Damien?
The Omen
Halloween Jack-o'-lanterns are usually which color?
Orange
Which country celebrates Alla Helgons Dag as its Halloween day?
Sweden
The 'Monster Mash' hit #1 on the Billboard chart in which year?
1962
Who has produced the most movies in the Halloween series?
Paul Freeman
How many films are there in the 'Night of the Demons' series?
3
What is the name of the killer in the Halloween series?
Michael Myers
At Halloween children play 'Trick or Treat'. What are 'treats'?
Sweets
The movie 'Dark Night of the Scarecrow' was released in which year?
1981
How much do Americans spend on Halloween annually?
$6.9 billion
Día de Muertos is a translation for which Ghoulish celebration
Day of the Dead
At Halloween children play 'Trick or Treat'. What are 'tricks'?
Practical jokes
What color is the stem on a Mellowcreme Pumpkin Halloween treat?
Green
Halloween is the day before which Christian celebration?
All Saints' Day
The 'Halloween' music score is credited to what group?
Bowling Green Philharmonic
Sissy Spacek starred in which of the following horror movies?
Carrie
The tradition of dressing up at Halloween started because of what?
To trick evil spirits
In what year was the movie 'Halloweentown' released?
1998
In 'Halloween II' how many times does Dr. Loomis shoot Michael?
7
Which actor that played Dracula was buried in his costume?
Bela Lugosi
In what country do they celebrate the Day of the Dead?
Mexico
What image is usually carved onto a Jack-o'-lantern?
A face
Who played the lead role in the 2004 movie 'Van Helsing'?
Hugh Jackman
The movie 'Halloween Night' was released in which year?
2006
Who voiced the Halloween Hound in the movie 'Spooky Buddies'?
Diedrich Bader
Which of these movies was reissued for Halloween 1982?
Poltergeist
Black and which other color is associated with Halloween?
Orange
What's the name of Jack Nicholson's character in 'The Shining'?
Jack Torrance
Which country celebrates Yue Lan as its Halloween day?
Hong Kong
Who played Michael Myers in the original 'Halloween' movie?
Nick Castle
Who directed the '60s horror film Dance of the Vampires?
Roman Polanski
Who directed the movie 'Halloween H20: 20 Years Later'?
Steve Miner
Which actor played in the most Edgar Allan Poe films?
Vincent Price
Tubular Bells was the soundtrack to which horror movie?
The Exorcist
What is Michael Myers called in the script of Halloween?
The Shape
What is Jack Nicholson's famous phrase from The Shining?
Here's Johnny!
Which of the following is the fear of Friday the 13th?
Paraskavedekatriaphobia
What is the main character was created by Bram Stoker?
Dracula
Who directed the 1970s classic scary film, 'Jaws'?
Steven Spielberg
The world's largest jack-o'-lantern was carved by who?
Scott Cully
Hallowe'en Party' is a work of detective fiction by who?
Agatha Christie
Which of these phrases would you hear children say at Halloween?
Trick or treat
Halloween originated as a pagan festival known as what?
Samhain
The movie 'Lady in White' starts on Halloween in which year?
1962
In the US it is bad luck if a cat of what color crosses your path?
Black
In what year was the movie 'Halloween: Resurrection' released?
2002
Roy Sheider and Robert Shaw star in which scary 1970s film?
Jaws
Which characters birthday is on Halloween in the movie 'Twitches'?
Camryn
Jack-o'-lantern are usually lit from within by a what?
Candle
The book Halloween Party was published in which year?
1969
Which country celebrates Obon Festival as its Halloween day?
Japan
Which of these is a Rob Zombie movie set on Halloween?
House of 1000 Corpses
In what year was the remake of 'Halloween' released?
2007
Halloween day in Korea is celebrated in which month?
August
Amy Weber played which character in the movie 'The Pumpkin Karver'?
Lynn Starks
The killer in 'Halloween' was born in on which day?
December 25th 1954
Why do people but lanterns outside their house during Halloween?
To be friendly to the spirits
Which animals are most commonly associated with witches?
Black cats
Which country celebrates Chusokl as its Halloween day?
South Korea
The first 'Halloween' movie was released in which year?
1978
Which famous American performer died on Halloween in 1926?
Harry Houdini
What was the budget for the original 'Halloween' movie?
$325,000
What is the name of Michael Myers older sister in 'Halloween'?
Judith
Jamie Lee Curtis plays which character in the movie 'Halloween'?
Laurie Strode
Who played the title role in the 1976 film 'Carrie'?
Sissy Spacek
What genre of film would you associate with Halloween?
Horror
Which of these is a 1993 comedy film set around Halloween?
Hocus Pocus
The original Halloween mask was made from a mask of whom?
William Shatner
In the movie 'Jack-O' what shaped head does Jack-O have?
Pumpkin
Complete the title of the horror movie 'A Nightmare on ... Street'?
Elm
Who first celebrated what we've come to know as Halloween?
The Druids
